Success doesn't come from what you do occasionally. It comes from what you do consistently.
The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go.
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. – Benjamin Franklin
Focus on the outcome not the obstacle. – Unknown
Two things define you: your patience when you have nothing and your attitude when you have everything.– George Bernard Shaw
Keep your face always toward the sunshine, and shadows will fall behind you.– Walt Whitman
Study hard what interests you the most in the most undisciplined, irreverent and original manner possible.– Richard P. Feynman
I can and I will. Watch me. – Carrie Green
There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way. – Christopher Morley
Excellence happens not by accident. It is a process.– Dr. APJ. Abdul Kalam
The greatest glory in living, lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.– Nelson Mandela
You don’t understand anything until you learn it more than one way.– Marvin Minsky
Do the best you can. No one can do more than that.– John Wooden
Great things never came from comfort zones.- Tony Luziaya
There are times to stay put, and what you want will come to you, and there are times to go out into the world and find such a thing for yourself.– Lemony Snicket
One big reason for a winning attitude is that you will take the necessary steps and not quit when the going gets difficult.– Don M.Green
The things always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.– Frank Lloyd Wright
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.– Benjamin Franklin
For success attitude is equally important as ability.– Harry F.Bank
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.– Winston Churchill
Success doesn't come from what you do occasionally. It comes from what you do consistently.– Marie Forleo
One big reason for a winning attitude is that you will take the necessary steps and not quit when the going gets difficult.– Don M.Green
Those who hoard gold have riches for a moment.Those who hoard knowledge and skills have riches for a lifetime.– The Diary of a CEO
In learning you will teach, and in teaching you will learn.– Phil Collins
There is no elevator to success, you have to take the stairs.– Zig Ziglar
Study hard what interests you the most in the most undisciplined, irreverent and original manner possible. – Richard P. Feynman
The only thing standing between you and outrageous success is continuous progress.– Dan Waldschmidt
Sometimes things aren’t clear right away. That’s where you need to be patient and persevere and see where things lead.– Mary Pierce
Hard work beats talent when talent doesn’t work hard.– Tim Notke
Whatever we believe about ourselves and our ability comes true for us.– Susan L. Taylor
You are exactly where you need to be. You are not behind.
You don’t learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing, and falling over.– Richard Branson
Don't give up. Normally it is the last key on the ring which opens the door.– Paulo Coelho
You can’t go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are and change the ending.– C.S. Lewis
Two things define you: your patience when you have nothing and your attitude when you have everything.– George Bernard Shaw











